you know it's interesting thing being an
ethical vegan and you really start to
see especially when you have children
why the programming starts that it's
people grew up believing that it's okay
to to eat other animals right and then
your words all I come from and it just
becomes more and more apparent to me and
every day and for example of Victoria is
doing a she's looking over a book a lady
one together a children's book published
and Victoria was looking over to maybe
publish it for her and she's reading
through it and then in the books the
woman is saying that by sitting down to
a nice lamb stew no sitting down to you
too baby lamb you know that that's to be
the baby that's a and this is a
children's book and so then straight
away as the children's been read this to
get straight away being programmed with
that this is ok you know and they're
Victoria's going to do a website for a
school and the headmaster is that single
you've got a sonia and maybe he can come
to this school is telling you we
homeschool but in its mass is having her
all about the school thing you know we
teach somebody animals there by the
farms and where you know it's important
that people know where our food comes
from that children know that they come
from the farmer little things like that
saying that just gets created but at the
same time still it's making that whole
system okay that it's okay to eat the
animals to enslave them on the farms and
just do with them what you wish and
that's what it's making okay and that's
what children I mean programmed with but
very early age from the children books
from what they get to school and also
from the nursery rhymes I'm um list I'm
hearing all these nursery rhymes that
and figure is is this tour which we're
done loading and things I'm just like
listen to me link is all this stuff in
there about the animals on the farm and
stuff like that and the truth
that that's not okay it's not okay to
enslave animals do what you wish then
just kill them what you want when
there's a better way that's the truth
when there is a better way and there is
a better way you know of course if I'm
in a survival situation I can never say
I will never come around again because
if I'm in the survival situational my
family is and there's nothing else to
eat I I will lean animal I would and I
would it not another being you know it's
like the plane crashed in the Army's
like it did not look alive people out
other people I'm okay with that you know
and you know to survive you gotta do it
you gotta survive but if there's better
way there's a better way and there is a
better way and so this is what we need
to teach children is that there is a
better way we don't need to enslave the
animals will need to eat them and you're
doing to others as you would have them
do unto you that include all sentient
being rights of their people the earth
itself living a living being the earth
itself let's treat the earth while as
well and so it's really interesting and
then we also have this this situation
where it's illegal in Spain to a
homeschool you have to send your child
to school in Spain and so this is just
crazy so when we tell people or we're
homeschooling they got or you can't do
that that's illegal you can't home
schools illegal and people look at you
is if you know your your your criminal
or something you know and and it's just
so interesting when you see the the way
the animals are treated in the spain the
the bullfighting on the bull runs and
all the other horrible things that
happens behind the scenes that you don't
really see and they don't televised them
things in some of the villages they will
get the bulls and they'll put a target
on it and everyone gets to shoot em
darts at that target or the whole crowd
doesn't the bullish is full of guards
hundreds of darts and then there's other
ones where everyone's can just get the
screwdriver and just sticks into the
bowl and you know this stuff's perfectly
legal but it's illegal to not send your
child to school so this is the insanity
you know that we have to deal with and
with the understanding of the the
consciousness of being it being a vegan
and
something we have to work with here you
know and it said it's a curious one you
know so its various things that we got
to like you know we have to see this
thing your work on Victoria the
publishers what books you have seen say
the woman you know that you're saying
your poker so Katie wee babies you know
what is this pretty knowledge in the
school actually no you know and in the
Spanish schools here they're they're
actually forced to tweet meet its really
find upon to be vegetarian in the
schools here and so all these things we
have to contend with you know and so
we'll see how it goes but you know when
you have kids that that's when you see
where that's when the programming starts
charge starting the children's book
starts from the nursery rhymes all the
very sort of innocent stuff which kind
of gets it in there and that we all know
the truth noise it's all right there the
truth is out there and we know that that
being a be an ethical vegan it is a
better way okay thanks for watching see
you next time
you